Welcome to the MARE game
Winning this game will prove if you are a real Mare or not
Simply press numbers on your keyboard to select a choice and Q to quit the game.

Do you think you suck at everything?
1. Yes
2. Affirmative
3. Indeed
4. Im not Abdul

Well fuck off then!
Click 1 to restart the game!

Oooh! Great choice! I dont want more blind and deaf people in Warzone.
I have another question for you......
Who do you think is a bigger dumbass?
1. Zeeshan	
2. Hamzah
3. David

You're a fucking genius! I haven't seen anyone more dumber than that guy.
Imagine trying to doing something without having the resources to do so.
Im talking about his fucking Internet Yes.
God! All that complaining he does all fucking day.
Phew!(Taking a deep breath)
Okay, I'm calm now.
So yea, something about the group........
Who do you think is the founder of NothingmuchbutMare
1. Sameer
2. Melvic
3. Hamzah

Well, all three of us made this and brought it to where we are now.
Yep, fucking nowhere!
Although Melvic Mare is the "Real Mare" as we know him.
But that "Mare" word is a fucking disease. It spreads and look 
how much it has spread. It sounds stupid yet people use it. Why?
WHYYYYYYYY!!!
Well....Nobody knows.....
Maybe its a meme, Maybe its an obsession,Maybe it is something that will haunt us till we  stay in the group.
Who knows? NOBODY!
It was all fun and games when it was casual. It feels like a chant,
something that takes over you without you realizing.
I can go longer about this but do you wanna?

1. Yea
2. Nah, it's fucking boring

I dont know. You know it's gotten over you if you've reached this part of the game,
It might be something you can never get rid of. You start using that nonsense daily,
and then you think, WTF is wrong with me? Am I obsessed? OR posessed?
You never have an Answer......
Neither do I......
We're all stuck in this together.....
We may or may not get out of this......
"Mare" will always be a mystery for us.....
Who knows how we shall prevail.....
Asking for help cuz  I dont know why Im making this stupid ass game.
MELVIC MARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

1. Play again
Q. Quit